(Usagi) Dearest Mamo.
Hope you're doing okay.
As for me...
(Rei) Hey, Usagi! Let's get
going!
Kay!
(Usagi) I'm doing fine, so you
don't need to worry!
Oh, by the way! Mako and the
others have been really into
this new idol group...
lately called the "Three
Lights."
We saw them filming a drama at
Juban Park the other day.
Minako was all like, "Oh my god,
those three are so totally hot!
I want to date all of them!"
[chuckles]
But not me, 'cause you're the
only man I need.
To my beloved Mamo. Sincerely,
your Usako.
(Makoto) A Long-distance
relationship, huh?
Huh? [flustered screams]
I've heard being absent from
class makes the heart grow
fonder.
Stop talking, please.
Based on the grammar...
I think you forgot everything
you memorized for the entrance
exams.
[groans]
(Usagi) "A School Storm: The
Transfer Students Are Idols."
[grunts]
[sighs] Oh, wow!
That was amazing! I guess the
rumors about you being the
infamous...
strong girl from Juban
Middle School are actually true!
I already told you, I really
don't want...
With someone like you on the
track team...
we're sure to make it to the
high school championships!
It would be a true honor to have
you join our team this year!
Uh, actually, I was planning
to join the Cooking Club.
Listen to me, Makoto!
Uh, okay...
How can you waste that strength
of yours and not use it? It's a
complete insult to sports!
I get what you mean, but...
You only get to enjoy your high
school years once!
So, don't make the mistake of
wasting your talents! Do I make
myself clear?
Uh, yeah. [gasps]
I knew I could count on you.
Welcome to the track team!
[groans]
[impressed sigh]
I downloaded all the information
you were looking for about
aerospace engineering...
from Columbia University's
library.
Thank you, Ami! Now I can
finish my paper.
I can help find more references
if you'd like.
Oh yeah, I guess I should have
more than one source, huh?
[chuckling]
Hmm! Now that I've officially
joined the school's volleyball
team...
we're sure to win a national
championship this year!
[laughing]
[groans]
(Luna) Hey there, Usagi!
Luna!
Walking home alone?
M-hm. The others are doing club
things.
Why don't you join
one too, Usagi?
Uhh, I could.
Yeah! Maybe there's a club where
I can sing karaoke, or even
learn new dance moves!
And they'll have lots of
delicious snacks and handsome
boys!
Oh and they take trips
to America, too!
You're not joking, are you.
(Usagi) Nope!
Well, scratch the club idea.
Hey, Luna?
(Usagi) About yesterday, how are
we supposed to explain it all to
the girls?
(Luna) Well, we still don't
know anything about them.
Why don't we wait it out until
we learn a little more?
I have a really bad feeling
about...
[shrieks]
(Ko Seiya) You alright?
Yup! Totally fine.
[screams]
Oh. Didn't think I'd run into
you again, Bun-head!
That's seriously all you're
going to say after just bumping
into me like that?!
If you had been watching where
you were going, that wouldn't
have happened.
But you're the one who suddenly
jumped out of nowhere!
You're definitely an odd one.
Huh?
Most girls would be over the
moon if they bumped into me on
the street.
Ew, why?
Well, cause I'm such a
good-looking guy, of course.
[disgusted]
Seiya, what's the hold up?
We should really get going.
I'll be there in a sec.
You're a lucky girl, you know
that, Bun-head? Maybe I'll see
you again sometime.
Huh! Can you believe how much
of an arrogant jerk that guy is?
So what if he's kinda
good-looking?
That's an understatement.
Hmm?
(Chuko Nezu) Oh, this looks
like a nice one.
Entry No. 135: Captain of the
Juban High School Football
Team, Yuji Kayama.
They say he'll be a big star in
the future. But right now, he's
still so pure. Perfect.
(Nezu) These muscular
shoulders especially! Very
nice!
This one'll do just fine!
Hmm?
[phone ringing]
Yes? Third Production
Department, Nezu speaking.
(Secretary) The President would
like to see you, Producer Nezu.
Right.
You summoned me, Master Galaxia?
Yes, Sailor Iron Mouse. Have
you been able to locate a true
Star Seed?
Not yet, but I've managed to
narrow down my target.
It's someone who holds the
brightest Star Seed.
You must obtain the true one
quickly.
In order to seize the entire
galaxy, I need it in my
possession.
I await to hear good news from
you.
Of course.
[school chatter]
[chuckling]
Huh?
(Makoto) What's with the huge
crowd?
(Ami) Huh, look, there's Minako!
She's here pretty early.
M-hm. She's not usually
here untill the first bell.
Do you know what
going on, Minako?
[excited]
Why are there so
many people here?
You haven't heard?!
The Three Lights are
transferring to Juban High
School!
No way!
Huh?
Told ya so!
The rumors were true, then.
You're here?
(giggle) I wanted to come check
them out, too.
[screaming fangirls]
E-Excuse me.
My name is Rei Hino and I'm fan
club member No. 2906.
[grunts] And I'm No.
1606: Makoto Kino.
Nice to meet ya! No. 278: Minako
Aino.
[impressed]
And I'm Ami Mizuno, fan club
member No. 25.
What?!
No way!
Seriously?
I guess it's pretty accurate
when they say it's always the
quiet ones.
I'm so sorry.
Wow, girls. Impressive.
Can we go inside already? It's
so noisy.
Yeah, I agree.
Huh? Hey!
Bun head! It's you.
Huh?
I guess you go to this school,
too, huh?
Wait a sec, you're a member of
the Three Lights?
Bet you wanna be in the same
class with me now, right? See
ya!
Are you kidding? Who would want
to be in the same class with a
jerk like you?!
Hold up, Usagi.
You talked to Seiya like you
knew each other.
It's a long story that I don't
wanna get into, but he's kind
of a weirdo.
Come on, you gotta tell us!
So, as many of you may already
know...
(Teacher) Starting today, these
three will be your new
classmates...
for the remainder of
the year.
If they need any help catching
up, I trust you'll all give them
a hand.
[gasps]
Hmph!
Now then, take any open seat.
Ooo! Yaten, over here! You can
take this empty seat next to me!
Is this seat open?
[gasps] Uh, yeah!
Hmm. I'll sit behind
you, Bun-head.
It's Usagi Tsukino! Not
Bun-head!
Oh, so, you're a moon bun!
[annoyed]
All right, let's begin class.
Nice, Usagi! Way to go!
Hey, Bun-head.
[slight annoyed]
The three of us are thinking of
joining a club. Know any good
ones?
You mean one that's super fun,
where you can sing songs and
learn dances?
And they have snacks, and
handsome guys, and take trips to
America?
Because a cool club like that
doesn't exist, trust me.
Ok...
So, uh, you know, I'd be happy
to show you around.
(Teacher) Quiet down! Class is
in session!
(Minako) Sorry, sir...
You'll help show me around too,
right?
Not on your life!
Why're you being so cold?
Don't be silly, of course she's
joining us! Isn't that right,
Usagi?!
[groans]
(Teacher) That's enough, you
three!
Sorry.
Bingo!
[chuckles]
Come on, Seiya! You can beat
these guys!
Try and get past me!
Heh. Fool.
Bring it!
He's just toying with him.
Ya think? [sighs] Why's Seiya so
childish?
[chuckles]
Hmm.
Wow...
[shrieks]
[grunts]
[cheers]
Wha? Huh?
He's amazing!
So cool!
He really is, isn't he?!
What the?!
When did you get here?
I rushed straight over here
after school so I could see
Seiya play.
Oh boy. Well, I've had enough of
this place. It reeks of sweat.
Yes, I'd much rather be
participating in more academic
activities than be here.
I think I've had enough
"activity" for today. I'm going
home.
You're so right!
The Academic Club is perfect for
someone like you, Taiki!
You don't belong in this gym!
Sports teams are so gross!
I'm super familiar with the
Academic Club, so I'll show you
around.
I think I'll go alone.
[grunts]
I said I'll show you around.
(Taiki) Fine.
Alright! Then let's get started!
Score! I managed to snag one!
Wow, Minako's incredible.
She knows how to get exactly
what she wants...
and doesn't bother holding back
like all the other fans at
school do.
Go girl.
(Seiya) Hey! Bun-head!
Excuse me! I told you to stop
calling me Bun-head!
Sorry! Just wanted to know where
we're headed to next!
What the heck makes you think I
know?!
Usagi!
[shrieks]
Don't speak to him that way!
Seiya's our idol!
You should treat him with more
respect.
Uh, not that I know a lot
about him, or anything!
(Usagi) Seriously? You're trying
the football club now?
Pretty perfect for a cool guy
like me, right?
Yeah, I don't think so.
Hmm. Go time.
Wait, what do you think you're
doing?
You want to see me score a
touchdown, don't you?
Juban High's football team is
known to be really tough, so...
Just watch me!
[grunts]
Hah. What do we have
here?
[grunts]
I've got this
Hmph!
[grunts]
No way!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Seiya! [panting]
[groaning]
You bully! What were you even
thinking?
He wasn't wearing any sort
of protective padding, and you
tackled him at full force!
[flinches] What? You're gonna
hit a girl now too?!
(Kayama) I'm Kayama, the team
captain.
That was a nice tackle.
You're a strong guy.
Can't believe you managed to
outrun most of my teammates.
When you compare it to running
from my fans, it was pretty
easy.
Well then, you wanna join our
team?
Of course!
Uhh. Why would you shake hands
with a guy who hurt you?
A girl would never understand,
Bun-head.
Nice to meet you, Bun-head!
Hmph.
Huh?
You've got some sharp instincts
there, Mr. Yuji Kayama.
Wow, they definitely weren't
kidding when they said a new
football star is born.
Uhh.
Nice to meet you. My name's
Chuko Nezu and I'm a producer
with Ginga TV.
I'd love to do a story on you.
Sorry, I've got a team meeting
now, so I kind of have to go.
You've got such lovely
muscles!
And you're much more attractive
in person than I thought you'd
be!
Uh, do you mind if we do
this interview later?
Huh? No way. I've been waiting
forever for you to be alone. I'm
done with waiting today.
Okay, I think this should be a
pretty good distance!
Why're you being so insistent?
Oh. Well, you see...
Chuu!
Hmph! You monster!
[screaming]
[gasps]
Hmph!
Moon Eternal Make Up!
[chuckles]
(Nezu) Aw, it faded out.
What a shame. He didn't have the
Star Seed I was looking for
after all.
(Sailor Moon) Hold it right
there!
How dare you meddle with the
beginning of someone's beautiful
friendship!
I am the Pretty Guardian!
Who fights for love and for
justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
Really? You again?
Oh well. My work is done for
today, I don't have the time for
this.
No! Not again!
Have lots of fun with the Phage,
okay?
Time to go!
[giggles] Well, buh-bye
now!
Hold on a sec! You could at
least clean up your mess before
you leave!
This looks bad. Can I go home?
Listen, Sailor Moon!
Luna!
Keep it together.
But, I'm getting a bad vibe
here.
I am, Sailor Guts!
Oh, boy.
Okay, this just got awkward.
See what I mean?
Blood, sweat, and guts! Those
are a man's true appeal!
[groans]
Now! Here it comes! Sweats of
Youth...!
Attack!
[screams]
(Luna) Ugh! It stinks!
Gross, gross, gross!
Jupiter!
Oak Evolution!
Girls!
So who's the pink guy?
A new enemy?
That's Yuji Kayama, from the
football team!
Uh!
The enemy turned him into a
Phage.
Take this! Sweats of Youth!
[screams]
[laughing] Keep that pace up! Do
ten laps!
We don't wanna!
Now, faster!
Huh?
(Yaten) Breaking through the
darkness of night.
(Taiki) Traveling unchained
across the atmosphere.
(Seiya) The three sacred
shooting stars!
Sailor Star Fighter!
Sailor Star Maker!
Sailor Star Healer!
We are the Sailor Star Lights!
Stage on!
[gasps] Are they, New Sailor
Guardians?!
This time, you're up against the
three of us.
Guts! More guts!
Star! Gentle! Uterus!
[screams]
There's five of you, and this is
the best you could do?
And you call yourselves Sailor
Guardians.
That's so pathetic.
[speechless]
Hmm.
Wait!
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[grunting] Beautiful!
Huh?
What was that all about?
They appeared to be Sailor
Guardians, but...
How can there be more of us?
Usagi!
We heard you ended up joining
the Manga Club.
What are you drawing, huh?
Wow! It's really cute.
Yeah! You're pretty good!
[chuckles]
(Rei) A piggy with a crescent
bald spot, huh? That's unique.
(Makoto) It's totally a raccoon.
(Ami) Is this supposed to be a
rough draft?
(Minako) You know, it looks a
lot more like a Tasmanian devil
to me.
Come on, guys! It's clearly
Luna!
(All) It is?!
You guys are mean.
(Usagi) Hey, Minako! Is it true
you're the Three Lights'
girlfriend?
(Minako) The rumors have spread
that far? What's a girl to do?
We were even photographed
together!
(Usagi) You were?! I wanna see!
(Minako) Oh dear, this might
lead to my debut as an idol!
(Usagi) Wait, are you sure these
photos aren't staged, Minako?
(Minako) Uh! You can
tell?
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Becoming an Idol:
Minako's Ambition."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.